# <- meta.interval.webvtt meta.timestamp.webvtt
#^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ meta.interval.webvtt
#^^^^^^^^ meta.timestamp.webvtt
# ^ punctuation.separator.webvtt
#    ^ punctuation.separator.webvtt
#         ^^^ punctuation.terminator.webvtt -meta.timestamp.webvtt
#             ^^^^^^^^^^^^ meta.timestamp.webvtt
#               ^ punctuation.separator.webvtt
#                  ^ punctuation.separator.webvtt
#                     ^ punctuation.separator.webvtt
# <- -meta.cue.webvtt
# <- meta.cue.webvtt
#^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ meta.cue.webvtt
Sed ut
#^^^^^ meta.cue.webvtt
# <- -meta.cue.webvtt
Sed ut perspiciatis,
# <- meta.text.webvtt text.html.basic
#^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ meta.text.webvtt text.html.basic
Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem,
quia voluptas sit,
aspernatur aut odit aut fugit
# <- meta.text.webvtt text.html.basic
neque porro quisquam est,
#     ^^^ meta.tag.inline.any.html
#                           ^^^^ meta.tag.inline.any.html
neque
# <- text.html.basic
#                     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ meta.interval.webvtt
#                       ^^^^^^ meta.property-name.css
#                              ^^^^ meta.property-value.css
#                                   ^^^^^^^^ meta.property-name.css
#                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ meta.property-value.css
STYLE
# <- entity.name.tag.style.webvtt
#^^^^ entity.name.tag.style.webvtt
#    ^ -entity.name.tag.style.webvtt
::cue {
# <- source.css
background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom, dimgray, lightgray);
#       ^^^ invalid.illegal.webvtt
}
/* Style blocks cannot use blank lines nor "dash dash greater than" */
# <- source.css
# <- -source.css
# <- comment.block.webvtt entity.name.tag.note.webvtt
#^^^ entity.name.tag.note.webvtt
#   ^ -entity.name.tag.note.webvtt
#^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ comment.block.webvtt
#            ^^^ invalid.illegal.webvtt
This file was written by Jill. I hope
you enjoy reading it.
# <- comment.block.webvtt
REGION
# <- entity.name.tag.region.webvtt
#^^^^^ entity.name.tag.region.webvtt
#     ^ -entity.name.tag.region.webvtt
id:fred a
#     ^ meta.property-value.region.webvtt
#      ^^ -meta.property-value.region.webvtt
width:40.1% lines:3
#   ^ meta.property-name.region.webvtt
#     ^^^^^ meta.property-value.region.webvtt constant.numeric.webvtt
#         ^ keyword.other.unit.webvtt
#           ^ meta.property-name.region.webvtt
#                ^ punctuation.separator.key-value.webvtt
#                 ^ meta.property-value.region.webvtt constant.numeric.webvtt
lines:1d
#     ^ -constant.numeric.webvtt
regionanchor:0%,100%
#            ^^^^^^^ meta.property-value.region.webvtt
#              ^ punctuation.definition.webvtt -constant.numeric.webvtt
#               ^^^^ constant.numeric.webvtt
#     ^^^ invalid.illegal.webvtt
unknown:123
# <- meta.property-name.region.webvtt
#      ^ punctuation.separator.key-value.webvtt
#       ^ meta.property-value.region.webvtt
scroll:up
#     ^ punctuation.separator.key-value.webvtt
#      ^ meta.property-value.region.webvtt constant.language.webvtt
{
# <- source.json
"type": "LongLat",
"lat" : 36.198269,
"long": 137.2315355
}
# <- source.json
# <- -source.json
# TODO:
This is yellow text on a blue background
This is magenta text on a black background
Sur les playground, ici à Montpellier
It’s a blue apple tree!
No way!